# HackMTY2024 - Team Solution (English)
``#HackMTY_2024 Project``
#repository for
``drop database db``team solurtion
## Team Members

- [Misael](https://github.com/ElingeMisa)
- [Rodrigo](https://github.com/roccolpz)
- [Oscar](https://github.com/oscars2109)
- [Erick](https://github.com/ErickinSegura)

## Project Description

### ! Our elevator Pitch ¡ 👇

#Lux its a SMEs business owner oriented service that allows its users to receive, analyze and report on a natural language mode in order to create new business insights, analytics, and recommendations

### Problematic Addressed
The problem to be addressed with our project is focused on ``#SMEs in Mexico``, as they are constantly facing challenges due to the fact of not having implemented any kind of technological resource in their operations, and have to deal with issues such as a low client ratio or low brand recognition. 

Having digital presence is essential to have noticeable advances in the early stages of a SME, and consolidate in the market with its competitors. Plus, other challenges that they commonly face include a lack of efficiency and productivity, and difficulties to achieve a balance between growth and quality, which results in a low growth rate and bad reviews for the product or service that is being offered. 
### Tecnologies used

        OpenAi's API #Frida,    Live_Share,     CodeSpaces,     Git,       GitHub🐈‍⬛

        Flask python🐍 Server,       css,     python,     JavaScript,       <Html/>

        <HTML/>  & Css for web  developement,       MySQL

        🦀 Aiven Cloud




## Solution Devloped

###  Our Inspiration

Lux took shape upon recognizing the latent potential of small and medium-sized enterprises, which together make up **52%** of the GDP in Mexico. It is thanks to new information technologies that it becomes possible to understand the public in an accessible way, using multiple tools for the analysis, understanding, and interpretation of data generated by both consumers and producers.

### What it does

Our project focuses on SMEs that offer experiences, services, and products to the general public. The end user is provided with a digital platform that presents relevant data regarding metrics established by an artificial intelligence model. Among the platform's capabilities are data reporting and opinions, where the user can interact with natural language to generate questions and request assistance regarding any experience, service, or aspect related to their company. This could include the feasibility of changing a supplier, prioritizing delivery times over production quantity, performing certain maintenance activities, and various other queries while interacting with the platform using natural language.

### During this hack
- Learnings Experiences 🤓
        
    During these Hackathon we were given the opportunity to work first handed with _``#Frida``_ , an _``#OpenAI``_ #API that allowed us to send queries that would later be  used by an #Artificial_Inteligence_Model to create a response. The model behind such a complex could be far beyond our comprenhension skills at first , however thanks to the sheer motivation to continue creating during this hackathon was haw we aquired the skill to make use of it in the backbone of our solution. to be more precise :

    - Natural languaje analysis and categorization
    - Database administration and queries generation based on Natural languaje analysis
    - Natural Languaje interpretation and inferiences on a real time DataBase

    Thanks to the flexibility and potential of _``#Live_Share``_  we were able to coorditane and integrate several workflow streams on a real-time cooperative coding sesion.


- Our major challenges during developement 😅

    In the early stages of development for our project, we had several issues that prevented us from properly making advances. Time was the factor that had more weight, as it forced us to organize, work and solve any doubt in the least amount of time possible. In that same manner, we had ideas that got discarded because they would have taken time that was useful in other areas, so a different approach was given, and we had to opt for a different but working solution.It is clear that devloping a whole solution that mixes such a wide variety of technologies suchs as an OpenAi API, a Flsk Server, an Aiven cloud hosted database under sch a time as _24hrs_ it's without a doubt, a **major challenge**. 
    
    However , it is by common decreet that , under no circumstance we would change a thing. Thanks to this hackathon we discovered a new passion for us : _to create for others_ and we are absolutely prodfull of how , despite all of its challenges, a solution that came from us took form into an amazing creatin. 
    
    !Thanks HACK MONTERREY!🫶
 
### What its next for us ? 

After experiencing a hackathion like this, we expect our team to encounter future challenges that inspire us to create and experience such a fun story as that we lived today. It is as we expect to see ourselves on future Hacks Soon.

